good morning friends and friends settled down for this magnificent
a side
typical here and above has history
its outside icex that when I saw where we're going at a rate and wines a
cypress
can you are well come integrating to drink when there were 2 if on top of
vertical eating
would be three cospedal must eat or sleep
we are here in your local congresses
tacitly usable to pass on a motorcycle
if it is done
two
by araba bai
I'm going to count the material section now
you know ways
identified as certified site
where again poor we believe that the city behind long
but obama should and many people what you do
by half the field
like ours
I will support to go through half the field
when I could come to spin perfectly here behind the love that
is what has to be done
etc
for something is to awaken the correct way to pass this crossroads the
crimes of the federal order appealed yesterday to the media
traffic was coming people and has followed
product of these is the normal thing is the right thing we have to do
cobelli
this yes we never never have to do it
with all this but above all move from the middle field
and is that he did not mess with him
and I personally believe that the law
continuing with temperance and ways
very narrow could make a meter
that help keep forest clean free to connect roads between roads
but it is also true that sometimes you feel where the flights that have little
common sense although they are very burned
the head of state congratulated the united states
You can check
a few days ago and cables
i are happy because everyone inside the palate try to help
people go through this and therefore
please respect them as much as possible
and as I said before outside black forest trail
unacceptable hawks as is happening now and at the same time it washes them
Right
like the rest you have seen dogs I suppose you have raised the animals
be this only go through the complaints before me I love motorcycles and
surely with your task, in this case
I
this is the correct way we have to pass
jose to each one we are very very important
just like time
where is he standing
already when we get love away from a flock of sheep fire and another more
Interesting
the two actors like he's doing now and I'll say it parallel to the road
a few minutes that we lose
it's fun because sometimes I can alfredo pastor that mine is a super
funny
and there is the way we respect
they will always respect with pain
Realia in this
sterlite that we have ridden jose to
magazine the two versions
now here, filis will have a lot of work to recover them
even if they do not have a lot of work, they create a lack of respect for the environment
general that is
this has clearly been still gives an image nothing judge
interesting for me to understand is that please
They eat with three because flock I think it's like that
but we must give them that the manager offers you owner of these sheep
We will have fun to ask you, how many votes did you have?
in short there is no all time because tourism very well as one
there's a bit of everything else
also mother
find them more badly than well captured that comes
that's why there are writers that takes 1995 the other day he told me that he found
a few kids that were paid real estate tax stressed
use for my opponent's conduit according to easy data
we can advance faster more just
after the clear demonstration north we have to be
I knew respectful with this respect very much pointed out
and that's what it's worth is the one that should be cautious voting packages motives
mutually
your difficult disposition
The goal is to make sure that next week I will show you that the bike
judicial but is more than positive with the environment
and remember enjoy the bike respect nature